Post-47 front door (#1042)
unicode-org/message-format-wg: README.md

## Charter

The MessageFormat Working Group (MFWG) is tasked with developing and supporting an industry standard
for the representation of localizable message strings. 

> MessageFormat is design to support software developers, translators, and end users with fluent messages
> and locally-adapted presentation of data values
> while developing support for increasingly complex features, such as gender, inflections, and speech. 

Reviewer: Not really sure of what to make of the ending with "and speech", which feels like it's missing something?

```suggestion
MessageFormat is designed to support software developers, translators, and end users with fluent messages
and locally-adapted presentation for data values
while providing a framework for increasingly complex features, such as gender, inflections, and speech. 
```

> Our goal is to provide an interoperable syntax and associated processing that is
> capable of being adopted by any presentation framework or programming environement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our goal is to provide an interoperable syntax, message data model, and associated processing that is
capable of being adopted by any presentation framework or programming environement.
```

> 
> The working group is currently developing a charter for additional, post-release goals,
> including support for some deliverables not included in LDML47.
> A partial list might include:
> - XLIFF round trip mappings for MF2 messages
> - a machine-readable function description format

Reviewer: I'd prefer leaving this out for now, and adding it once we do actually have new goals.

```suggestion
```

Author: I don't know how long to expect for the "chartering" phase. If it lasts awhile, might be good to note what we're doing. But I can easily be persuaded otherwise.

Reviewer 2: I think we want to approach this as successive refinement, and not put in just ideas for what we might do, but rather wait until we have settled on what we want to do, eg for 48 (release in Oct).

Author: A good charter should run for years, not just a single release. We should list the goals of our charter here--when they are available. But I tend to agree that this placeholding is not necessary until then.

> ## MessageFormat 2 Stable Release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## MessageFormat 2
```

> The [MessageFormat 2 specification](./spec/) is a now a stable part of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [MessageFormat 2 specification](./spec/) has been approved by the CLDR Technical Committee
and is now a stable part of
```

the [LDML](https://www.unicode.org/reports/tr35/) specification.

> MessageFormat 2 has been approved by the CLDR Technical Committee
> and is stable for adoption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is now recommended for implementation and adoption.
```
